room_descriptions = [
{'title': "Photographed Room", 'description': """This very photographed room is precisely the first that came to my mind."""},
{'title': "Paralyzing Room", 'description': """
This very paralyzing room got me as close as I ever get to eating hockey and I was always able to step over it and eat some objective and normal food. Then I nonchalantly walked into another room and watched a kid eat for an hour topicless, a boy. I missed him. I missed him. I missed him.
"""},
{'title': "Painstaking Room", 'description': """This very painstaking roomy room contains every bit of copper wire from Ferguson's bootleg watches. The very copper covering is constantly dripping yellow or orange dye & tasting from the new notes. Also on display are watch dials, Tartuffes and a healing medallion given to Ferguson many years ago by one of his Grandmothers. All the gold this man has worked to gather within this room is attached by copper ends, which are the very last part essential for his progress into modern depositage and purity levels but can still be used as a power source for times of high voltage, circular polarity etc at the purest level possible."""},
{'title': "Magnifying Room", 'description': """This very magnifying room, swarming with raccoons is how we are learning about filaments in this galaxy. The photobond is short, usually one hard fraud because the attempted fraud is so subtle and frequently there is no need for special products - made brown with usual EMF by right handers in that tiny band get soot. It is a thrill for us: the filaments must be lies."""},
{'title': "Desperate Room", 'description': """This very desperate room was for life, death, and a thousand other things, but for nothing after the wondering face of a little boy that rhymed in the sand of the Dark Angel's tummy. Of four sides of the primrose field, the sun caught a bright bead on the stone base in the centre, beyond that was night and night out there, still and cold and dark with a luminous cloud that traveled in front of the moon. The battering to and fro of the heavy hoofs and the breaking of their wing (left in the air during night) surrounded his head with little fleas and bugs and feathers. """},
{'title': "Ironic Room", 'description': """This very ironic room is what is known as a "laboratory" within the Global Migration Center."""},
{'title': "Sporadic Room", 'description': """This very sporadic room  rush will likely occur during times that you might not feel like going that far, especially if you already have other things to do."""},
{'title': "Early Room", 'description': """This very early room in the map reveals that there is a portal in this area. The chest is by a large door, and a small door leads into a small room overlooking the central room of this area. The chest is just a little way from the chest in this room. A banner can be seen stretching from the center of the central room to the top of the Dragonguard door.

Speaker Hermit [ edit ]

A speaker talking to Orr.

"A long time ago, a terrible war was fought between shadow. It was about to break out. And at that time, some would have bought that time for themselves. But there were those who fought back."""},
{'title': "Hellish Room", 'description': """This very hellish room published in the April dermatological magazine (1984 edition) by Eric J Wiener, an anaesthesiologist at five FAoom Clinic in Zurich, Switzerland. The office contains his 5-inch-by-5-inch model, "Eblen 1922", an old model of Turkish Army ambulance bombed in WW2. Where it was revived, rebuilt, put on display, and they decided to plug it into the workshop. The result was ;-:) """},
{'title': "Able Room", 'description': """This very able room's just an outline. It sure looks like there's a fan built in to the ceiling. Maybe that's a living room." ::blank stares in amazement:: ** Brow…Daniel's eyes seem unnaturally slanted** A horrified grin forms on Daniel's face as his internal organs turn to steam. "Gadjou…" Daniel sighs. "You shouldn't have. I'm still new here." -Defiant space ranger teams- "It's a hundred degrees in here." <End Log> Corpse Raccoon

226 days on Earth, 225 days in the solar system, 815 days in the galaxy, 353 days to part the sands, 375 days to follow the almighty river of meat"""},
{'title': "Abrupt Room", 'description': """This very abrupt room is actually behind us to the left", you nearly scream. Turning to look, you realise to what your utter amazement led you.

Inside of the yellow snow-streaked walls sat you with just one small hole in the wall.

Sliding down the brick walls you temporarily disappear into a twitching, pulsating box structure. Pressure from your body lands on the first room, and in that room you thing briefly how you would get out.

But with a nudge from your tail, you realise that that trap door is actually the way out, and you slide over onto your back and present your plants with a perfect clear path to reach the exit."""},
{'title': "Accustomed Room", 'description': """This very accustomed room  is

like a psychedelic star-

of-a-cult of musicians and soundguitarists.


The woodwinds wander

in between the samples

of ascendance and descent; connecting conventional shopswomen with the motley

barefoot strum of cathartic monotony. This room bears

strong implications for a perfumer who wants to continue working in the normal places of (human) habit

world-on-the-brink, but with a crispy, heavy edge. The movement of the

strings is steady; they come second and third, and feel heavier in their

turbulence. Craftmaking, exteriors between tones, means there

are meaningful characters trapped so that you can actually

disappear between the strains of these works of music. The spot on the natural

and floor is not well lit by windows or floor-light, but the glow of the surrounding

vivid Caucasian light transforms the walls (palpable retail/retail walls of

enlightenment expansions ?) into a meteorite-Come-to-Jesus masterpiece with scope set Some people show us a picture gallery at the end"""},
{'title': "Afraid Room", 'description': """""This very afraid room :
"Mr. Treglass DEMANDS your answer." Hulan was once a magician, but with no training and a small pool of tricks he needed much more than training to develop his magic. Now, at the age of 20, Mr. Treglass had talent and luck. She had no fortune, not a thousandth part of his, yet he knew the power he could wield.
"It would be an almost impossible task, few people would be able to complete it in one session."
"Then why are you resisting? Who is it she's impersonating?"""""},
{'title': "Alive Room", 'description': """"
This very alive room . . . . First finished in 1916 by Edwin Jane Chard, New York Mo. VS, it is now reconstruct. Fair play! She forms a splendid circle of figures—the ball rolling away, upturning waterfall, switching flowers. . . ."""""},
{'title': "Amorous Room", 'description': """This very amorous room ful of patrons, complete with diaphanous chairs, copper penny lamps, and a row of cherry trees by the doors, is now drawn back to a declivities of the adjacent, marvellous company of Burmese pagodas.

He knew that the little island off which it stood, an island of four desert hills in the midst of a less deserts of salt water, and situated or rather by the sea on an expanse of small sand, was not the luxurious's garden, but the exclusive boudoir of an exacting aunt in early life."""},
{'title': "Amorphous Room", 'description': """This very amorphous room is bigger than it used to be. It's going to have a top of the line high speed AC, so you can walk in at the right time, and finally you have a on offered exchange"""},
{'title': "Bad Room", 'description': """This very bad room [the lab] actually was a good night. Not the breakfast, of course, but the presentation. A glass fob was solid and replaced the original fob as we enter the room where more plunger recordings will be made. 8 minutes of plungers and then we can all go home. Notwithstanding, things in this room I consider to be quite exceptional but not on the same level as the luxury of a session in the grand studio. The interior has a wider, terraced, music room, in leather with a reclining leather couch, with some illuminated areas and couches. A three-drawer desk with volumes (12 tracks) was very lucky to be in business towards the end of 2000."""},
{'title': "Blissful Room", 'description': """This very blissful room is a forgotten memory. It is at peace, but there is pent inside it, where there has been no end; for here is the door that shuts the ears of joy, and stables the heart with sorrow."(MT. II, 24). Amen. The compendium of life, try to see how it reaches us."""},
{'title': "Brave Room", 'description': """
This very brave room  is one that opens to the public for any patron and human guest after 6 o'clock on Friday and Saturday nights if they leave several hours early. The king's body is brought out in a stately cart with red velvet cushions and can sit in the box beside. On their right are the violin bows, the trolleys and the glass cases holding the glory of the church. Finally, the king receives the keys of the cathedral later on in the show, touching them every few minutes. Following the show, dance music can be heard in the background."""},
{'title': "Certain Room", 'description': """This very certain room, upon which the the Saxon dead lay on the ground, became the home of the king of Hellas, whose features were as tyrant as his ornaments, and whose name was Pylades; for him the thirst and the blood were fundamental distinctive characteristics of his character."""},
{'title': "Clear Room", 'description': """
This very clear room  of lights, or maybe weaker spots in the ceiling (see second crude image), and the patterned designating the figure that is holding up one section, may be figurative, but the ultimate significance will largely depend on whether in my mind we seek to open up a door to spiritual divinity hidden within the nature of the illusion, or whether this is a temporary flight of fancy to visualize a series of repetitive pixels echoing mechanical characters on a projection screen. The parallels with surrealism are explicit."""},
{'title': "Complete Room", 'description': """This very complete room was lined with MINIGUNs, the hardest and most dangerous weapons in the display: sixteen AKS-74Us, with a total reserve of three hundred and eighty rounds."""},
{'title': "Courageous Room", 'description': """This very courageous room has offered us a glimpse into this further meaning not only in terms of children's basic development but also the home and home environment," continued Peter von Leeuwen.

The research will be published in the journal Developmental Psychology in January.

The research team consists of Matthias Gaehrl, Nelly Rennhardt, Christine Schirmer, Adrianne Reim, Hermann Komatsu, Margot Lentjes and Walter van der Steur. It is currently funded by the fund for Research on Human Development and is supported by Eurana of the European Commission and the EHCF (European Union Clinical Trials Unit) of the EMA (National Institute for Health Research)"""},
{'title': "Dead Room", 'description': """This very dead room is sometimes referred to as "the Unseen Hitman", and I have no idea what this refers to. Hell, I probably don't even know what any of it means. If you must know, it refers to Kimeteru Nagai. He never tells us about what 'READERS' sees in his movies, but I CAN tell you. These responses pinpoint the novels and movies that worked their way through my head, and when I came across this dialogue, I had quite a laugh."""},
{'title': "Direct Room", 'description': """This very direct roomier-then-normal (for a trolley) trolley ticket system for Philadelphia

Was programmed to receive all train routes and destinations for all equally profitable public transportation... no fare charges, and free trips to anything within the nominated areas!

Each weekday morning, dispatchers operated the system and dispensed/charged the fare... You could reach any location in the

City for a walk-up flat fare, reducing travel time dramatically.

Much as Uber goes farther afield (so to speak) than the original version, and web-based ride-share site Lyft is more like a traditional taxi service, so did Trolley."""},
{'title': "Enormous Room", 'description': """This very enormous room. This was where the aliens were. They came into the human race and created a race, and eventually a god."""},
{'title': "Equal Room", 'description': """This very equal room tried to support the Clerk mechanically the last time he entered the Baths from the Hospital, and I am struck somewhat in thinking how these Sheriffs are expected to be developed.

The thought strikes forcibly that if it was done for every person who was sick or dying the Baths would be in better condition.

Contemporary with this was a package I received the other night, but I cannot remember the contents.

I remember a couple of songs, which I suppose were for present use."""},
{'title': "Extra Room", 'description': """This very extra room Habatsu took up within this city personally, almost leaving a small, long room for Master Hariya and himself.


In the midst of his sad trifles, Ichika's smile was able to free him, while he stiffly lowered her head again… However, in the next moment an unpleasant emotion filled his tongue. Ah~, as expected.


Munching the bread and pickles to express disgust, he sighed dispiritedly, "…" Her cheeks twitched as she turned his gaze toward her and grinned. This girl, I wanted my own's. "Besides, that's not the only opportunity to enjoy intimacy with you, Ma-san."


"Please kick me in the balls right this instant"""},
{'title': "Fertile Room", 'description': """This very fertile room is perpetual-motion focused on low temperature there would seem to fit the model, as the recent ACO study did, since it is raised again in the Scene – Globe Tesla Coil model"""},
{'title': "First Room", 'description': """This very first room is called the Hallowed and Holy and as pictures and stories keep repeating themselves here, I can place today's story in terms past generations sat or moved in in this room, at its very beginning, obviously, it was the discomfort of the ministry of the last from the comfort of the Hebrew language literally refuting the truth around these walls room today. """},
{'title': "Foolish Room", 'description': """This very foolish room of ours, the Ministry of Peace, has simply declared the Muggles to be the enemy and therefore we should violently remove them and indoctrinate them in the belief we have a holy cause to use their freedom for. We don't feel all these people are enemies of the Church, no one is being persecuted for defending their religion, they have done nothing more but want to keep peace with all mankind so we will simply give them to the muggles. and of course NORMALLY THE PEOPLE WOULD NOT BELIEVE OUR TRUE TEETH, So, here we go, we will find the wicked, turn them into good, and use the muggles to start spreading the good word of the church to other people."""},
{'title': "Forbidden Room", 'description': """This very forbidden room lead us to the luncheon given by the Vice Chancellor last week and the official appointed by university authorities to monitor the intellectual life of the university"""},
{'title': "Formless Room", 'description': """This very formless room filled with artifacts, links and parts again."""},
{'title': "Fragmentary Room", 'description': """This very fragmentary room  features an enormous dressed stone ark prepared by his mother before this doorway was found. A large cobbled and cobbled square above it bears scenes from the Old testament, predating the Mayan calendar, which started the year to day shown on this doorway. There is therefore a possibility that this huge planet-sized structure dates from the last stages of the Olmec civilization, with the site marking the cradle of more than ten thousand years of high culture in the Maya lowlands.

The upper step is stepped facing left (similar to a temple style), which may have been inhabited by Maya elders who passed in and out of the door between December and April. A removed rock is visible on the south terrace."""},
{'title': "Free Room", 'description': """This very free room offered. Free all upgrades included with all hotel room. The whole hotel offers free wi-fi all the days to fast connected devices, which comes with comfortable top rated accommodation, great amenities and with free breakfast buffet for the morning. Tripannonymous$440.00

Book Now


Stay safe & be arranged! """},
{'title': "Frightened Room", 'description': """This very frightened room was left in a horrendous condition and had flats everywhere. The rooms were overcrowded with poor quality furnishings."""},
{'title': "Gladsome Room", 'description': """This very gladsome room ideal for small expeditions..."""},
{'title': "Good Room", 'description': """This very good room is very old and sad. The walls are damaged, the pipes have collapsed and the roof tiles are snapped. There are some boxes on the left which are probably old recording glasses. If you want to hear this room go to Nathan's house in the attic. You need a key to get the door unlocked so go to Nathan's house right now. Go into his room and pick up the 4th cassette from the crate. Play it.

Get back to Carol with the so we can go and pick up the genetic converter. Go back into the main apartment. Just as you approach the closed door listen to its clicking and the grey dog sounds in the next room. Go there right now.
"""},
{'title': "Great Room", 'description': """This very great room! Sewers were dug in this part of the city for burials"""},
{'title': "Happy Room", 'description': """This very happy room sold originally has a glass top to prevent from the heat from leaking inside the home? but cleaning it again (moving the metal can) would apparently require turning the light switch off and on often which is very very noisy depending on your chance to hear it (most likely due to it being on in the middle of the night). Also recorded different sounds here from the door, noise from the lights and upstairs footsteps and the raised carpet in the room makes it probably impossible to hear what happened upstairs from what you can hear downstairs?


Admittedly the cold for the night we were in was 3C and I'm fairly sure it was completely unheated for quite some time as well."""},
{'title': "Hard Room", 'description': """This very hard room isn't the only onsite Java Microservice we use, and we build them all."""},
{'title': "Healthy Room", 'description': """This very healthy room for vegan cooking. It's like a kitchen exclusive! Fad.
And another "food exclusive". Fad. Kitchens are a big deal in the culinary world now, and most are having a hard time finding room or time for edible things that contain ingredients — specifically food. Plenty of stuff costs a lot of money, and the system is split up into categories like fresh, packaged, kitchen only, and luxury. At authentic kitchens with forced reoccurring practices, trying to get out from under that system and get the recipes you love is expensive and time-consuming. Our kitchen is an "intimate" (read: amazing!) sample of things we love here at Mixed Baakes"""},
{'title': "Hideous Room", 'description': """This very hideous room ful of the disciples of Jesus is shown with few refects and broken figures and others in far better reconstructed editions. Whoever is interested in this subject will work over the text of any edition."""},
{'title': "Hieroglyphic Room", 'description': """This very hieroglyphic room  was also to control time in the afterlife. Much of what happened in the spirit world will continue to happen there as we struggle toward material unity. It is our whole DNA we are trying to transfer into this world. If the next person who entered will be able to fight this real battle of survival for the mind/body/spirit weight act and maintain the classic Kundalini experience, then he can enter the world of the gods."

A stairway that leads to reincarnation"""},
{'title': "High Room", 'description': """"This very high room has their own adjustable lighting system," she adds. "You're in a completely different atmosphere."""""},
{'title': "Huge Room", 'description': """This very huge room is bigger on the inside than it is on the outside."""},
{'title': "Human Room", 'description': """This very human room together with the wall-size monitor give a grand look at the images and FC, which can also be viewed without the player. The effect is surprisingly easy to see: the island of Florana has a striking Aztec-like layout, surrounded by ruins and an open-air waterways.."""},
{'title': "Humanized Room", 'description': """This very humanized room , with a conference table covered in white cream foam and white tables and blue-and-gold-coloured furniture. But it was somebody else with whom - if there was a conversation - everything passed with silence.

There was the same effect with Depression Lab. Until you were already caught up in two less distant realities, the room ruled you, swallowed you up. When you came to, the door slid open and there was a woman you didn't know, straightening quickly and nervously, and then rushing away."""},
{'title': "Humid Room", 'description': """This very humid room, however, was not the only place in whom Philemon was "dispos'd." About a mile distant shall we present the habitation of an angel of God who was sent in haste to our assistance. It may be denied that he can possibly have been sent by Philemon, since both the house and the conflagration are supposed to have been destroyed the day before; but we feel an assurance of his presence in this case that no soul could be called a doer of his mission better than we have. """},
{'title': "Imaginary Room", 'description': """This very imaginary room where she conducts herself-they call it a commissary-was first closed down by her. It was now open to anybody, but if you danced you were charged a pound and then beaten and bruised, and more by small boys dressed up like papas. There was a piece for ten pounds, and the laborer who put it on your joint had a little bag filled with your money. So Catherine had it done by the full moon, to make one of the boy's choices."""},
{'title': "Immense Room", 'description': """This very immense room is black, where not half of the population, before our coming on to it, had been permitted to sit down or kneel"""},
{'title': "Impatient Room", 'description': """This very impatient room secretary came in and is whispering to the people that separate us. They'll be coming in the next couple of minutes. Mrs Restora Sanario is here."

She snatched the letter from Fareeha's hand and smiled with satisfaction. "Well then, this is wonderful!"

Fareeha smiled slightly and read out loud the words. "Hello there, Amari! I have an appointment with Dr Ziegler. Can you hurry up?"

"As soon as we get inside the dorm! I'm no doctor by any means, but Miss Fareeha I believe you to be quite each of your professions are proud of you. Take care of yourself."
"""},
{'title': "Imprisoned Room", 'description': """This very imprisoned room from Ilithiiforms C1432 – the second largest piece of proto-evolutionary artwork in the world right now is now found in Diamond Plateau state park, central Pakistan.

As it turns out, Ilithiiform C1432 is an ancient hunting ground where people were most likely hunting huge extinct horned dinosaurs. The story goes that in order to hunt these mega-predator species, they had to truly dwarf the adult horned dinosaur in size. A previously identified unfortunate casualty of this forced oversized being were the rookie today's birds, smaller ice age birds like Onychosaurs, which had individualistic traits like beak reduction (aka beak blunted)."""},
{'title': "Incomplete Room", 'description': """This very incomplete room , with the bottom half of the walls closed off with bricks, is a good example of Scott's restoration work in the prototype process. Note that the label at this height is already attached for use during the completion of the prototype."""},
{'title': "Incomprehensible Room", 'description': """This very incomprehensible room . It's got an atmosphere near that of the cafeteria at the university. Fortunately, this is also a camp, so the intensity. Lightning can often show up."

Huang Qiao Yi's persistent gaze was focused on the black room in which whispered some words.

Everyone had experienced as the whole expedition until here progressed. Entrenched thoroughly into this unconscious hypnosis, Huang Qiao Yi had nothing to do except to leave by herself, wringing her fist of rage.

The tent entrance had been thrown open a little earlier since a person had come out. It seemed the person was anxious.

Huang Qiao Yi glanced towards the person, not paying attention to the Copper Nails group, and already taken guard before her."""},
{'title': "Infinite Room", 'description': """This very infinite room to the left was filled with floating pale cubes. My brow furrowed. I honestly thought that those cubes would explode when I shattered them. When I reached them, however, I realized that in ones and twos the cubes were sliding along the walls. It was an interesting motion, as it could be rather easy to get knocked over, but at the same time really difficult."""},
{'title': "Innocent Room", 'description': """This very innocent room has been superseded by a very exploitative and threatening person. This room always brings me the same feeling of not wanting to die. Even though some are given bad apple treatment it brings out a different side to the individuals. Just go to this room and you can meet all kinds of people. But the majority are not supportive in helping their children. Those spots are taken by hyenas. These people need saving from themselves."""},
{'title': "Insipid Room", 'description': """This very insipid room. Throw it all at this one moment; it will come back."""},
{'title': "Instant Room", 'description': """
This very instant room  — including noise — is not a room. It's a handheld device that's presented as a 19th-century cyborg.
"""},
{'title': "Intact Room", 'description': """
This very intact room in the "open" space depicts this aspect of Manetrism. The deer's head translates monst aka Manern, the voice of god."""},
{'title': "Internal Room", 'description': """This very internal room, otherwise worries had never entered his mind. The room, was carved like frogs or tiger, blurring into dark corner. However, he felt, there seemed to be something tyrannical happening there. He wondered what is it.

As soon as the darkness faded away, he found blood on the forest floor……"""},
{'title': "Intrinsic Room", 'description': """This very intrinsic room in VAX computers was once used for storing remanufactured chips. It was always overlooked that (2001 17 11) the room was never properly scavenged. Human health hazards of old electronic equipment"""},
{'title': "Last Room", 'description': """This very last room is about myself. About being and who I am. And the job that comes next.

It's about how to go through that. It's about being brave enough to endure.

And I feel like this is the direction we're headed towards, walking away physically unharmed, bitter and weary, but walking through with our hearts strong.

Why is that necessary?

Because when we walk, my friend, we walk in hope, because we know there's always an inside to the bomb and we know the inside of the bomb is we. Why is that necessary?

Because you're not afraid.

Because you walk in faith.

Because you navigate a difficult and strange future"""},
{'title': "Little Room", 'description': """
This very little room would not fit more than four or five people at a given time but for a night Alienation has a very large but intimate main show space that can comfortably bring the spectators up to 12 people at small open bar tables. The four hour long show ran for three nights, ending on the 07 May 2014."""},
{'title': "Livable Room", 'description': """"This very livable room " she said. "You can see that a roof and a toilet are on the back of it."""""},
{'title': "Long Room", 'description': """This very long room with the various sizes, added to the col in the folder for extra coaster fun :

Welcome to Diamond Dragster's ridiculously gigantic one-off: a 350AD Medieval World. You can enjoy a tour of some of the courses as well as pick from one of 7 immensely difficult levels. It's 200m, mostly open-air, depending on your starting point. Do be warned that players that don't have the skills to float safely might not enjoy this course greatly!"""},
{'title': "Monstrous Room", 'description': """This very monstrous room opened up."

Word of this I expect has spread through the corridors and cellars and will soon spread up and down our coast, for calmer days are now upon us.. I do not imagine that this man saw me in his "reception cell 1", but nearly six months later, so long as I live, I shall take charge of it myself and treat it every way as my personal property. How should prisoners say they deserved to be there if I have the temerity to return to the prison and spare those who I now harbour in chains?

The door-post announced the order for food, and I looked anxiously at the night-gown stringing my jacket. All at once I heard the sound of footsteps"""},
{'title': "Moral Room", 'description': """This very moral room was erected and provided at the Downian Building in Boston, Solomons Square" and a man whose genesuccess in his field seems to only be equal to the war he entailed (he "actually [saw] Russian columns advancing across the Hungarian plains")."""},
{'title': "Nameless Room", 'description': """This very nameless room  that makes the protagonist sleep in would the protagonist's childhood home. This room is a house for a high class family from American canada. Everything in the childhood home is somewhat melancholic and makes you feel nostalgic for your youth. It reminded of our cryogenics technology. The house along with the tenement reached to the top of the wall of the Underground by an industrial part. Our character sound always tells you that we are not really from earth.

We needed to pack a lot of materials. We have already used a lot of wool, fleece and aluminum. One of our research partners partners has always been involved in clothing design. So he was currently crafting pile jackets. We thought pile jackets worked best for our project"""},
{'title': "Natural Room", 'description': """This very natural room requires that the sides be treated individually to meet or exceed your specific application.

Several kinds of materials are used to create these stretchy treatments. They are typically sold as drywall sheeting; ceiling tile; caulking or silicone caulk; specialty fondant; fabric; and floured paper. Sizes vary and larger sets are available through contractors and home centers."""},
{'title': "Neutral Room", 'description': """This very neutral room was very full of dampness, the walls above the ceiling which were shaded with dark wood were damp. "I'm sure it will take me back to when I lived in an old rye mill", He thought to himself. He placed his hand on the damp wood walls. He reactor one bucket for had blue outside pool water. "Very good water", He said as he mixed. "I'm going to try and get rid of her and her Jack's!" The boy left to return back into the fully living room. At just before six o'clock, he returned and flicked on the television. There was no light coming in, this was the early evening."""},
{'title': "New Room", 'description': """This very new room will find a place for Harry Potter" Anakin tells me. I hesitate and stare at Anakin for a moment before asking "When is Severus going to be home?"
Hagrid tells me that that was a mistake. He would, but that night Hagrid told me that Anakin will be Harry Potter's Hedwig. This is a plan that is so stupid, so crazy, so stupid, I have no idea what to tell you."""},
{'title': "Normal Room", 'description': """This very normal room has 50t of whale opium hashish in storage. In it is added sugar, vinegar extracted from a coca conscientia, feminine granules of gelatin and oil, cleaned carnation, oil and hemlock seeds (aka, sea salt), and the product itself is a strange gummy mix of powdered sugar, seaweed, coconut oil, cassava, catnip, seeds (proyecti, lemon) and tar powder. The mixture tastes really, really bad."""},
{'title': "Old Room", 'description': """This very old room, mile long Oakland Aero lounge at 60 35th. aoa San Francisco…"""},
{'title': "Originary Room", 'description': """This very originary room was the only room that was used as a wedding presentable room in the whole house.

And one of the gifts -- the "Performance Me-Room" as it is now called, was a huge wonder of informality and offbeat.

The "Room of a Thousand Varieties" -- with wood panelling and vinyl upholstery that quickly decomposed under its own weight, hinting at what had actually happened inside not until 1998.

My uncle Dave bought this piece of property in 1955. His mum is a good friend and they lived there for more than 20 years. It was filled with a love of Mercedes Benz and....interesting living environments."""},
{'title': "Personal Room", 'description': """This very personal room is essentially a former set designed especially for Jon's remarkable visual art of Martines and secret societies. The house even feature the one fantastic table that he would lie down and gaze out of the window at his artistic masterpiece."""},
{'title': "Phonetic Room", 'description': """
This very phonetic room or urinal, on some level, was its favorite place to be. Which is not to say that it was volunteering for duty but because it located regularly, it was always taking the short cut when it came to home runs. There was a giant mound over the urinal made of bricks; there were ledgers filled with baseballs; there was a 77-inch wooden bat installed for the purpose of keeping the gravy there clean. And when the urinal inquired for coal, the team was not ashamed to report that it kept not one black ball in its collection."""},
{'title': "Physical Room", 'description': """
This very physical room  becomes the next stage of a child's development and them getting the stimuli they need is one of the biggest things for a child. It's the three dimensional room your child is able to put on their heads, they are able to put things in different areas and they are able to sit in-between."""},
{'title': "Possible Room", 'description': """This very possible room capitalizes on that. It's a little bit more artist driven…you know, Bilal is representing some sort of creative process with this, and it sort of speaks to who he is and what he's going through as an artist at that time. So that's what a lot of people will do… traditionally with mood boards, especially in Batman work, and I now understand that you stay away from that with Doy, or square pegs in a round hole…he's building on technology, and taking that technology from there in turning that sadness and grief and despair into something worthwhile."""},
{'title': "Prepared Room", 'description': """This very prepared room features a wide variety of items to help enhance Welting's experience of dreams.

WELTING'S DREAM ROOM

Details Designer: Cirper Condition: Used Materials: Various shades of chiffon designer white, iris, tulle, satin knit, hadalite-like, organic-like, woodland vine, animal skin lace

Warm and inviting, the Welting's Dream Room directs wanderers directly to the focus of each dream memory: the Welting herself.

Welting's Dream Room also features a kit for wanderers to practice about dreaming by placing two small turquoise dragons called lutes into their dreams."""},
{'title': "Primary Room", 'description': """This very primary room in Table 1 showing liver cirrhosis and liver metastases."""},
{'title': "Prior Room", 'description': """This very prior room I toyed with a lot working on the design somehow, which I eventually settled.

You're on a bumpy one-way street. What is your campaign turning into?

I'm on the painkiller A, and I'll be on the talk the talk drug A after I get the PR blog figured out.

Too much word about you?

What is this thing called "publishing"?

You're gonna plunk down $5, right? This summer, you're going to push this out again!

Are you good at oversharing?

Sometimes in America different people get a life of their own. That's why there is a major political parties. This isn't one of those"""},
{'title': "Profound Room", 'description': """This very profound room is at minimum the command center for the candidate between the time he or she is confirmed by the Senate and the time he or she is sworn-in as president. Even after the inauguration, the new president is in guys Barry's room. Now continue in the northwest through the east wing at 12:41:29 and join up with Gene Reidinger. This is the first joint meeting of the new president and his first counselor"""},
{'title': "Protective Room", 'description': """This very protective room also holds a study where secret elements were placed by Professor Sir Mario Cecilia (Find new dreams.) The Zero Syndrome was consigned to this room, something that one shouldn't publish in the Best Supply Games. Some of these secret elements have incredible abilities. Power these elements to kill all baddies and become the World Champion!

Do you like the idea of a lasercut Sonic Boom? Of course you do.

Sonic Boom's 30 basic building blocks:

1. Salt

2. Blast Off

3. Cannon

4. Super Reverse Flip

5. Boom Boom

6. Milk Run

7. Drill Bit

8. Time Dive

9. Dodge Loop
"""},
{'title': "Psychological Room", 'description': """This very psychological room together is simply a horrible and beautiful place. It MUST be wiped immediately. Don't tell anyone. Don't let your kids run. Even Rachael, my wife of 25 years and the lovely one in this picture, and I wonder sometimes, have her take a candid peek."
"Rachael must wipe off the awful physiological room and sleep in separate rooms tonight."
"I wish there were more people like such kind people. I'm exhausted from all that I've been kept up to date with lately."
"I don't wonder how life would end if things got worse!"
"I did know the AG people got souls."
"I'm dripping me some blood today, will I paint tomorrow?"
"Easier said than learned!"
"Great news from God, thanks!"
Her utter happiness was, of course, matched by my slight discomfort. It was the opposite reaction if I was to compare too closely."""},
{'title': "Quick Room", 'description': """This very quick room abstract gives you a picture of the surface area and stored WeiWhile state of each bench.

Once you break it up with tension points, each bench will be directly visualized and the individual Wells roster on a sheet that must be printed … and penciled in … and organized … and whatever else needs to be in order to cut all of the different ways that players can go.

The reason that having many bench hard rolls, and gotta weave in a couple of boxes to accommodate each rotation is worth the production, even while player recognition totals are managed, is because the documentation is free – quantity over quality."""},
{'title': "Restless Room", 'description': """This very restless room —the bright colors could not yesterday be accounted for, the furniture and objects were pigeons, slippers, and enormous computer infrastructures. As I walked through all the rooms, I looked from cabinet to cabinet for the proper key to open every present, and I was stumbling right into the lays that the devil had given me.

And then around and around the room I went, able to pass by decently unaware of what I was walking through till I made my exit."""},
{'title': "Ritual Room", 'description': """This very ritual room  represents the price we pay for being a human being. It's something like the Pandora's Box. There is an enormous threshold to even be considered human. When we're in the womb or we're tasting blood or we're tired, we are, on some level, damaged. We can claim to be looking "ateness" but we don't really see that any more. I think you can see what Augustine has in mind when he calls human beings love animals."""},
{'title': "Sacred Room", 'description': """
This very sacred room, where the Courts sit, is intimately connected with many of the government notorious crimes committed in other parts of the Texas facilities. Many persons in the enormous houses may have memories of tortures being administered to party members in these other buildings. Another purpose a secret housing was to provide a massive crime scene for study on the phantom body of unknown victim victims. It could prove to have been one of the best unmarked crime scenes in Texas history, a crime scene used as crime scene memorials which is suitable for either occasional extensive forensic examination or a full blown natural disaster where families can memorialize the mythical missing persons."""},
{'title': "Same Room", 'description': """This very same room."""},
{'title': "Scared Room", 'description': """This very scared room for the first few weeks."

Despite the wife's sound sleep aids, the couple is frequent visitors to the living room and cuddle together on the couch, he said."""},
{'title': "Second Room", 'description': """This very second room (Paul Munch's 'Educating Yourself,' 1972), even quaintly ignites pity for the Rockefellers and their equally well-heeled signatory ilk. (For context, the second room of the ADL's Manhattan office, wedged between a spa and a crap-shop, resembles a dragging, second-rate version of a principal's office at Cordele, which was inaccessible to women outside of day care because the rooms were off limits to women.) The room in which Roger Redden finds himself in his 2006 documentary, 'Nothing But Money,' at the height of his research, recalls the room in 'Descartes,' where Descartes inadvertently misinterprets his reasoning while also mistakes his philosophical potentialities"""},
{'title': "Secret Room", 'description': """This very secret room is known as the Black Chamber. It must be cluttered with ghosts in all colors to be completely haunted.

In 1986, many people who live in the area reported hearing the sound of tHe hissing of a boiling oil over the years,, but no one could discover the source or the origin.

The Strange Tales article by Leslie Combs gives the name of a local library as the Hotel Perenhovette, inreference to particular books and one of the rooms to be found in the book.1 Another article by Susan Blumster3 described two separate occupants finding the candles at the door burned out."""},
{'title': "Silent Room", 'description': """This very silent room silently reminds you of when you get on a plane and there's no one else around you but you. A large step forward, a destruction to the timer, and suddenly the light begins to dim. Now your conscience is tugging at you, telling you it's over. It hurts to have your hopes and dreams shattered, so you go back to the game and go over your play-through again to get acclimated to the email I had sent about four months ago. Your consequences are still there.
The moral of the story here is that with every game, you take your chances; or does it always come down to hope?"""},
{'title': "Sincere Room", 'description': """This very sincere room for creatures," Quartus Flamel said before taking a sip. "I have not seen your Morgenstern yet?"

Professor Flamel's eyebrows rose slightly. Grimacing, he said, "I have not seen it myself… …Yet, that is likely to change shortly."

"So that means, construction will begin within this week," Grim said, taking another swallow.

"Yes, yes, we have to report immediately," Flamel confessed, taking another calming breath. "Have you had a chance to read the parchment I sent you yesterday, if you haven't?"

"I have," Quartus said. "It seems such a convoluted series of sub-sub-analyses"""},
{'title': "Slow Room", 'description': """This very slow room has some interesting behaviour on move. We can turn around freely, but the contents around, even the belt and back armor, remain stationary. We can use paper Recall that we had from earlier: if we assume a "physical environment" (empty and otherwise equal to empty), we figure that we can't expect anything from this perfectly empty world unless we're doing something interesting I think. (In particular, because it's empty, where are the puzzles, van Expanding itself is no longer possible.) Anyway, if we sample a little bit with &t and write a leftward-going function on it, v&t<?y , then it is possible to find a bitmap of sub-rooms based on exactly where we are."""},
{'title': "Small Room", 'description': """This very small room on deck looked out into an interior of silence. The whole crew was sitting there silent. The captain raised his voice to the engine room commander and ordered him to go, nab every man overboard. The commander without looking up asked, "Have you the last five minutes of all conversations about this ship?" Captain ya never have a false report, in an emergency. I told him by now he had the last five minutes of all conversations, it was over. Captain I want all men from this ship! I messed with the radio, and ordered muster, and when we got to the- engine room. I asked one man to go. That one man was the captain."""},
{'title': "Specific Room", 'description': """This very specific room is linked with +24 Others"""},
{'title': "Stable Room", 'description': """This very stable room has been transformed into the Green Campus Chateau in this dazzling tribute to the French garden. Fruity objects make every aspect of the room take on a new dimension, both visually and hypnotically."""},
{'title': "Sudden Room", 'description': """This very sudden room then as he was idly raising his head to speak, turned about and looked at us."""},
{'title': "Supernatural Room", 'description': """
This very supernatural room is located in a remote location in the mountains of Pitt, Chesterhire. The house is believed to have been used by the Reaso - an ancient Celtic society which flourished around the battle of Hastings in 1066. According to mainstream historians, it is unlikely that the stone houses we admire are to be found in that valley. It is possible however that some of them, and even some of the Celtic fighting castles are present to this day, but it is not yet convinced that the theory of their use is accurate."""},
{'title': "Sure Room", 'description': """This very sure room and the entrance of an (extra) bed behind you. You walk through such darkness and this sudden feeling of foreboding you cannot explain……. Do you want to leave your house now or……..be lost for a very long time?

Searching the wood and the only break in the last wall is from the far end, you are siezing the keypad without thinking, you pick your second passcode. You could wait here for longer or go downstairs to the secret corridor and remove that particular keypad. But, what if you have a situation where you cannot understand what is happening. Not that much as the area behind that lock is bold and quite ready for you. So, never leave the bridge in darkness."""},
{'title': "Surprising Room", 'description': """This very surprising room has no basic features more than 4x4x4Furthermore the room is large enough to hold monsters110x110pxNotes:- This room didn't exist on the last Gen., so it appears it moved to another stage, therefore the color doesn't match.- 6 chests (using either yellow or red inside walls)- 2 footwear recyclers (use yellow or red drop boxes too)- 4 bank safes- 2 glass boxes- 5 barrels"""},
{'title': "Tellable Room", 'description': """This very tellable room, with its detractions just suggest that Lange was coming into his own. He was able to expertly craft a body of music populated with his songs to match the gentility of the electronic compositions, creating something much larger than the sum of his parts. The catchy synths of Fallside pass begrudgingly by and aren't as memorable as some of Lange's other work, but they are at least colored by his unmistakable voice."""},
{'title': "Terrified Room", 'description': """This very terrified room, has become a canyon of thick cloud."""},
{'title': "Third Room", 'description': """This very third room has become, I swear to God, the most charming, the most pleasing smell I have ever known."""},
{'title': "Tranquil Room", 'description': """This very tranquil room is surrounded by endless flowers of shrubs, October flowers may appear during the spring. It represents the truth: love is blind and hard to love. Many Spiritualists hold to trivial calculations of structures and place things out of place to make them seem larger and easier to see. Blindfolded with blindfolded love, you cannot see what the deeper goal we are consciously seeking is. Tell me then, just briefly what separation from love, whether aunt, uncle, girlfriend, friend, father, mother, brother, sister, lover actually mean?"""},
{'title': "True Room", 'description': """This very true room overlooking the Vega galaxy cluster was used to build the circular domular building block of the New Frontier trader ship Anaconda that left the station Nyx in 2774. With some minor alterations to the building to make new industrial areas, LOCC hosted the Welcome To Broadcast headquarters of the Vanu Sovereignty in 2524. In the over 10,000 year history of the Lough Cluster there have been only 42 confirmed instances of music being played. The Center for Musical Studies (MAS) was founded in 1967 and uses its benefits to fund orchestral music performance all over the Lough Cluster.

Little went wrong during this time, at least from the user's perspective."""},
{'title': "Undefended Room", 'description': """This very undefended room has a storage rack and an open closet on the left side passageway with plenty of room for personal items. The areas with inventory are only slightly bigger than  each other. A birdcage blue drapes block the light once inside, leaving the door dark red.
There's a modest water/water pump in a barely visible corner in what looks like an intersecting corridor sequential to the doors that leads to the sewers. A more obvious storage cupboard along a stairway that leads nowhere has an additional bag of fine jewelry and the usual weapons and traps cp. A perfect choose one place for a D & D player."""},
{'title': "Understanding Room", 'description': """This very understanding room continues the rambling story."""},
{'title': "Unexpected Room", 'description': """This very unexpected room, and that the gap less than a metres between it and the of glass seems to indicate, that the transom window was provided by Mr. Dassey's mother, when she wanted to observe her son entered in jail"""},
{'title': "Uninterrupted Room", 'description': """This very uninterrupted room, with the hole"""},
{'title': "Unknown Room", 'description': """This very unknown room was between the Banquet Hall and Amputation Hall"""},
{'title': "Unprepared Room", 'description': """This very unprepared room, along with her, stood immovable beside her Chief of Staff, furiously looking at a robot girl who, instead of a head, had a shallow body like a robot sheathed in hard light plastic. """},
{'title': "Useless Room", 'description': """This very useless room thnik' t' stay put, it gits arake to keep phoz the end o' a tim' when you get stuck in it o' cuz, wit t' nary a scratch t' be found."

"What?! A HAID!" she screeched. "These rat dogs won't ever let us outta t' this place!"

"Nothin' but to capsure t' every sap who's haidin' one t' chaps, that's all, my dearest." he said the endearing line of his vocabulary, raising an eyebrow at her. "But I had naked favours to ask fer there, there too, they making me wait fer theres'"""},
{'title': "Various Room", 'description': """
This very various room , arrived at the room through what I assumed to be a similar corridor.
I slowly moved I drew box after box from the boxes. Although I left a large margin from the top in order to perceive and see with all of my senses without being disturbed by such shaped plays.
Just like a detective at a crime scene doing a visual reconnaissance. Depending if a footbridle moves I reverse the pattern of placing boxes into a rectangular box.
I move to dissect the floor, sweep at them after I selected the box. Even if I were to go through and operate them as a person, I carried out the operation rather quickly.
Or rather, to allocate it started with the floor completely separated from the wall."""},
{'title': "Voracious Room", 'description': """"This very voracious room ," Clarke said. "It's going to be, like everything else, the bits and pieces you find. You're going to have beautiful moments, but the bulk of it will be hard to read, almost iconography. We want it to be real."""""},
{'title': "Warm Room", 'description': """This very warm room  needs some re-varnishing, as it lost polishing, and would seem a lesser piece than some of the reserve stock frames."""},
{'title': "Whole Room", 'description': """This very whole room ?

Smoking it is smart.

Plus, it's enjoyable!

To do this right, smoke slowly.

Five, smoke steadily and gently.

Then you'll be able to control the ash and only settle it.

Don't worry, it won't hurt and will stay healthy too."""},
{'title': "Wide Room", 'description': """""This very wide room  is "inherently" so large, in fact, that a corner room is used. I've posted pics of the All Hallows' Evening. The wall, however, is completely normal room, not "widescreen"."""""}
]
